Fixed #33639 -- Enabled cached template loader in development. (#15586)
django/django: docs/ref/templates/api.txt

      * ``'django.template.loaders.app_directories.Loader'`` if and only if
        ``app_dirs`` is ``True``.

>       These loaders are then wrapped in

Reviewer: This is far away from the `versionchanged` annotation, so I would add another one here.

      * ``'django.template.loaders.app_directories.Loader'`` if and only if
        ``app_dirs`` is ``True``.

      These loaders are then wrapped in
      :class:`django.template.loaders.cached.Loader`.

      .. versionchanged:: 4.1

>         Previously the cached template loader was only enabled by default when
>         ``DEBUG`` was ``False``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        In older versions, the cached template loader was only enabled by
        default when ``DEBUG`` was ``False``.
```

.. class:: cached.Loader

    While the Django template system is quite fast, if it needs to read and

>     compile your templates every time they're rendered, the overhead from
>     that can add up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    compile your templates every time they're rendered, the overhead from that
    can add up.
```
